Prompt for the community or enterprise edition for Akeneo when creating a project (#464)
inviqa/harness-base-php: src/akeneo/README.md

- A valid subscription with Akeneo to gain access to the enterprise edition codebase.
- A dedicated user in the Akeneo Portal for the purposes of installing the enterprise edition with composer.
  https://help.akeneo.com/portal/articles/get-akeneo-pim-enterprise-archive.html

> - A public and private SSH keypair generated specifically for the dedicated user in the Akeneo Portal, with the public
>   key associated with the dedicated user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A public and private SSH keypair generated, with the public key associated with the dedicated user in the Akeneo Portal.
```
Previously it reads to me as if `specifically` means it can't be used for other purposes as well

Author: You can associate multiple ssh keys in the portal, so I don't see the harm in having a key just for pulling down code

Reviewer: the opposite I mean, if another repository needs an ssh key (e.g. just one github repository's deploy key) this key is then not specifically for the akeneo repo

Author: Ah I see, we could:
```suggestion
- A public and private SSH keypair generated for the purposes of installing the codebase, with the public
  key associated with the dedicated user in the Akeneo Portal.
```

Reviewer: ok
